Added Note in Creating Accounts (#1041)
azerothcore/wiki: docs/creating-accounts.md

account set gmlevel <user> <level> <realm>
```

> {% include note.html content="If you've ran this command while logged into the account, make sure you log-out and login back to your account otherwise it won't updated your GM Account Level." %}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% include note.html content="If the command was run while the account was logged in you need to relog for the security level to update properly." %}
```
